feat(RHTAPWATCH-310): Add dockerfile for kwok (#11)
redhat-appstudio/segment-bridge: README.md

## Running a test environment

> ### Kwok Docker Container

Reviewer: Why build it from scratch when we can use a pre-built image?
https://kwok.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/all-in-one-image

Author: Done

This repository contains a Dockerfile to build a container for the Kwok Kubernetes tool.

> 1. `cd kwok`

Author: Updated

2. `docker build -t kwok-image .`
3. `docker run -it --rm kwok-image:latest`

> 

Reviewer 2: Missing motes about how to use the image as a cluster

Reviewer: Overall, I feel this PR should have been about how to USE the KWOK image to function as a pseudo-cluster rather than BUILDING KWOK - as KWOK is already being offered as a binary and as a pre-built image.

Author: Done

Reviewer 2: We need a way to connect to the cluster in the container from outside the container. The given `exec` command only does that from inside the container.

Also, can you please use podman instead of docker?

Author: Updated

Author: The image doesn't have bash or sh. another way to run outside the container is to add the Kube config and export it.

Author: or we may have to revert to use ubi image. @ifireball  wdyt?

Reviewer 2: what does running outside of the container have to do with having a shell inside the container?

we need a way to setup a predictable port and predictable credentials for the cluster in the container so that we know how to connect to it from kubectl/oc running outside.

Author: In the updated step we can access using the cluster name and port is also exposed.

Reviewer 2: Does `kwokctl get clusters` print how to connect to the cluster? 

Consider that what we are going to have in the end is a test in Go that is going to bring up the kwok image, run our {{splunk-to-segment.sh}} script while providing a kube config and then inspect the output. Its preferable of we don't have to run any special kwok commands in order to figure out how to connect to it.

Reviewer 3: @ifireball it does but this should also be printed [when the container starts](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kwok/blob/90f923e7c8320d79e98b5cf3dbd0edfce35a1fa7/images/cluster/entrypoint.sh#L27-L39). It's mostly static so we can probably commit this kubeconfig. The port is configurable and defaults to [8080](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kwok/blob/90f923e7c8320d79e98b5cf3dbd0edfce35a1fa7/images/cluster/Dockerfile#L21).

@srivickynesh we should show a sample `kubectl` command using such a kubeconfig.

Reviewer 2: @amisstea ok.

@srivickynesh can we get this done by end of sprint?

## Running a test environment

### Kwok Container

To run the Kwok container with the Kwok Kubernetes tool, follow these steps:

1. Bring up the Kwok cluster by running the following command:

`podman run --rm -d -p 8080:8080 --name kwok-cluster registry.k8s.io/kwok/cluster:v0.3.0-k8s.v1.27.3`

2. Once the Kwok cluster is up and running, set the cluster details in the OpenShift client with the following command:

`oc config set-cluster kwok --server=http://127.0.0.1:8080`

> Now we can access the cluster using kubectl cmds.

Reviewer 2: this sentence probably appears too soon....

Author: once we set the cluster it also sets the context from kubeconfig. no need to change it manually

Author: Updated

## Running a test environment

### Kwok Container

> 

Reviewer 4: I think it's worth adding a sentence here about what is Kwok.

Author: Done

To run the Kwok container with the Kwok Kubernetes tool, follow these steps:

1. Bring up the Kwok cluster by running the following command:

```
podman run --rm -d -p 8080:8080 --name kwok-cluster registry.k8s.io/kwok/cluster:v0.3.0-k8s.v1.27.3
```

2. Once the Kwok cluster is up and running, set the cluster details in the OpenShift client with the following command:

```
oc config set-cluster kwok --server=http://127.0.0.1:8080
```

>    Now you can access the cluster using kubectl, for eg: `kubectl get ns`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   Now you can access the cluster using kubectl, e.g.: `kubectl get ns`.
```

Author: Done

## Running a test environment

### Kwok Container

To run the Kwok container with the Kwok Kubernetes tool, follow these steps:

1. Bring up the Kwok cluster by running the following command:

```
podman run --rm -d -p 8080:8080 --name kwok-cluster registry.k8s.io/kwok/cluster:v0.3.0-k8s.v1.27.3
```

2. Once the Kwok cluster is up and running, set the cluster details in the OpenShift client with the following command:

```
oc config set-cluster kwok --server=http://127.0.0.1:8080
```

>    Now we can access the cluster using kubectl cmds.

Reviewer 2: this sentence probably appears too soon...

3. Create a new context for the Kwok cluster with the following command:

```
oc config set-context kwok --cluster=kwok
```

4. Set the Kwok context as the current context with the following command:

```
oc config use-context kwok
```

> 

Author: done
